Some texts to display on the visor:
Some of the texts are actual YouTube comments made
by real human beings I have saved for some reason
and some are obscure references or self-deprecation.

People should probably help by coming up with clever and
funny lines that can then be displayed on the visor.

The suit has 2 different modes. REST and RAVE.
REST is blue and green and RAVE is orange like fire.

-----------------------------------------
Randomly picked RAVE MODE voicelines:
-----------------------------------------
NO REST FOR THE WICKED 😍🔥🔥🔥🔥
This is how we do it  Work it
Bang Bang Bang - Pull my devil trigger
LETS BRING THE HEAT 🔥🔥🔥🔥 INFERNO
Let's light it up!
Infinite power!
Turn the speaker to max and come alive

-----------------------------------------
Randomly picked REST MODE voicelines:
-----------------------------------------
No google, I do not accept your terms of service.
Thy genitalia, t'is hard, as if t'was looked upon by Medusa's cursed gaze
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Master Chief in the soda? I thought not. It’s not a story the Sangheili would tell you. It’s a UNSC legend. Master Cheif was a Spartan of the UNSC, so powerful and so wise he could use the soda to influence the RNA to create life… He had such a knowledge of the soda that he could even keep the ones he cared about from being put in the soda. The soda is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was being put in the soda, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice put him in the soda in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from being put in the soda, but not himself.
Planted obsolescence. Now it's a feature and there's no e-waste
You can't get drunk size
These toilets exceed the sky of time.
Nuclear Energy
CODING YOUR OWN GAMES IS EASIER THAN YOU THINK
Seriously? That's ridiculously.
My Jaws That Bite, My Claws Attach!
Use skill, and if that dont work, use more skill.
I'm learning so many new fun skills. And I think you are too.
Hello! I am a protogen. Let's be friends!
[meta humor]   [punchline]
My face works like a beautiful mirror.
When fired, sounds like you have called upon Zeus to smite your enemy out of existence?
Time is a flat circle
I suppose we all thought that one way or another
Over 10000 people die each year from rage-induced strokes. Don't take this so seriously.
We knew the world would not be the same. A few people laughed, a few people cried, most people were silent. I remembered the line from the Hindu scripture, the Bhagavad-Gita. Vishnu is trying to persuade the Prince that he should do his duty and to impress him takes on his multi-armed form and says:
Hey look buddy. I'm an Guitar Hero Pro, that means im really good at Guitar Hero. Not good as getting songs, because i like to play Slow Ride or Surfing with The Alien. For instance. How am i going to stop some big mean braindead nerd of beating me in Guitar Hero. The answer. Use skill, and if that dont work, use more skill.
We may dream of Past Futures, Wishful Thinking flooding our minds. We might try to Slip Away to The Pink Fields, but The Things We've Seen will never be forgotten. As I lay Sleepless on the bed, my Clockwork Hearts are still full of Reprise. After all, it's Your Own Way That Makes One.
Each new hour holds new chances a new beginning.
The horizon leans forward offering you space to place new steps of change.
Without all of the things you want to disappear. Imagine, that every single day is not another battle.
She tries to train trains as per her own train training training, but her own train training wasn't very good so she can't train trains well, so instead of training trains with train training... She opens gaps in front of them at random.
We know that advanced economies with stable governments that borrow in their own currency are capable of running up very high levels of debt without crisis.
History shows that where ethics and economics come in conflict, victory is always with economics. Vested interests have never been known to have willingly divested themselves unless there was sufficient force to compel them.
In economics, the majority is always wrong.
In today's information-driven economy, business and scientific talent constrains growth.
What is life free of special's consequence?
Yukari can create gaps through which only she can pass, but various sources show her opening gaps for others to use.
First gamemode doesn't have a time limit and allows players to stealth freely while the second gamemode has a timer and creates pressure which forces players to play more aggressively
Im dankineer. that means i trickshot scrubs
1. It's better to start higher than lower. People will be a lot happier when you change it if its a price drop rather than a price increase. Also, people associate low prices with bad games.
2. Control the comparison. So that customers don't compare your game with other games of similar price and potentially choose the other game, create two options (ie game vs game + soundtrack) and price the second one rather high so that customers compare those options instead of comparing your game to another game. The customer will see that your base game is really cheap compared to the more expensive option and will be more likely to buy it.
3. When is doubt, test. Offer different prices in different advertisements and track the engagement relatative to the price.
Supreme déluxe
Atheris Hispida is a rough-scaled bush viper
Weapons of mass destruction: flip-flop, vihta, baguette, pizza, dubstep gun, kitten uzi
Works all the time, 67% of the time, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sundays except on public holidays. Yes, that's a contradictory sentence with a random statistical percentage tossed in, because 54.6% of people statistically are impressed by percentages.
About Allencard: Allen is a fine gentleman, who has high expectations from his opponents or he won't take his matches seriously. He has many skills he has stored for long-lives.
I have many hobbies. One of them is grilling your ass.
One oversight away from a meltdown, hazardous materials for fusion. The damage would be enourmous, infinite.
Making distinction between black and white. Sin and punishment. There's no such thing as gray.
I hate ambiguity. I refuse to compromise.
This can’t be how it ends, Wasted in ignorance.
Be impolite, be inefficient, and miss everyone you meet
private float _happiness = 100f;
This is an example of how the human mind evolves on practice and how looking back is a mistake-
This house is cold and empty, just a ghost of who I used to be. Stare at my own reflection, wonder if you'd even recognize that me.
Im not a bot Im codingly dynamic
Who is Ro-Bot?
